Add documentation for MapboxDirectionsCLI tool (#586)
mapbox/mapbox-directions-swift: README.md

1. `swift run mapbox-directions-swift -h`

> For further details, see the [MapboxDirectionsCLI documentation](ADD LINK).

Reviewer: Subject to the suggestion above:

```suggestion
For further details, see the [MapboxDirectionsCLI documentation](MapboxDirectionsCLI.md).
```
